What do you want?
That's how you people are
Say one thing and do another
Yuck
It's okay, since you're a woman.
You just lift these 400 kilos
Even if you win
As expected of the broken shoes sold out.
You will pretend to be pitiful in front of men
Use your identity as a woman to gain sympathy
Yuck, this is too light.
I want to lift
This hahaha
You still want to lift this 600kg
10 years, who do you think you are?
600 kilograms, even I can't lift it
You are a cheap or low-energy short
I have to lift 600 kilos.
This is the one phoenix you recruited from Jia Village to be the champion of martial arts
I was blown away by my ability
It really opened my eyes.
Ruolan, don't be impulsive.
That's 600 kilos.
How can a girl like you lift it?
Zhao Ruolan, you are crazy
That's 600 kilos.
you
Do you want to become a cripple like your father?
Come down and I'll try it, boy.